XS✔ ◾ Updated rule and added new section (#9266)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/summary-recording-sprint-reviews/rule.md

---
seoDescription: Enhance transparency and inclusivity by recording summaries of Sprint Reviews, providing stakeholders with clear updates and fostering community engagement.
type: rule
title: Do you record a summary of your Sprint Meeting?
uri: summary-recording-sprint-reviews
authors:
  - title: Jack Pettit
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/jack-pettit/
  - title: Jeoffrey Fischer
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/jeoffrey-fischer/
  - title: Landon Maxwell
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/landon-maxwell/
  - title: Adam Cogan
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan/
related:
  - tech-check
  - record-a-quick-and-dirty-done-video
  - rules-to-better-video-recording
  - making-a-great-done-video
created: 2024-04-15T00:46:35.508Z
guid: 99674806-7353-4d39-ac9a-219620d4e107
---

> Creating a comprehensive summary and recording of your Sprint Meeting is a great way to communicate changes in a Product to the community and stakeholders - especially for people who are unable to attend these meetings. This rule covers the following:
> 
> * Why you should record a summary of the Sprint Meeting
> * How to record it (best practices)
> * How to share the recording

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a comprehensive summary and recording of your Sprint Meeting is a great way to communicate changes in a product to the community and stakeholders — especially for those unable to attend.
```

Maybe something like this - I think we try to avoid saying "this rule" and listing out stuffs in the intro/blurb
